Come back in this video I will introduce tuples and dictionaries and they are new types that we haven't
touched yet.
So we have seen lists and dictionaries and tuples they are similar to lists or they are also collections
but they work differently and they behave differently.
So let's assume we have this problem.
We just want to quickly group Group two values together.
So we want to group the first name and last name of a person and we don't want to do a specific variable
for that in terms of a string variable.
So we don't want to store it in a string but we really want to have the capability to have access to
them separately so have access to those values separately.
Now the solution to that problem is we use tuples So we need to use tuples if we want a function to
return multiple values.
And imagine you have a function get student which should return both the first name and the last name.
And this is not possible without a tuple or at least it's not possible in a clean way.
You could of course use lists where you have one list where the first names on one list with the last
names but that would not be a great way of doing it.
And you would always have to be super careful that you whenever you fill up a list with a new first
name you always have to fill up the other list with last names or with the correct amount of last names
and so forth.
So that's pretty tricky and it's not a good practice.
And then there is another thing called dictionaries and they have quite an advantage as well because
for example we have this problem.
We would also like to be able to save an assignment.
So for example assign the phone number to the family.
So we have the family name let's say must amount and we want to assigned the telephone number is 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 whatever to that family name and we want to store multiple families meet with their telephone
number in a specific kind of list.
Of course we could have two lists here one list with the family name and one list with a telephone number
and they are always connected through their index.
But then again if you want to delete one family then you also have to delete the same list and they're
meant for a telephone number.
That's really not that great.
So that's where dictionaries come into play.
And we can answer the following question officially with that what telephone number does the most of
my family have.
And we are going to go ahead and use dictionaries and tuples in the next videos where all of what I've
just said makes a lot more sense because it really makes sense as soon as you get into practice.
And as soon as you see things in real life so see you in the next video.